The UNSW-NB15 data set description: 
The raw network packets of the UNSW-NB 15 data set is created by the IXIA PerfectStorm tool in  the  Cyber  Range  Lab  of  the  Australian  Centre  for  Cyber  Security  (ACCS)  for  generating  a hybrid of real modern normal activities and synthetic contemporary attack behaviours. Tcpdump tool  is  utilised  to  capture  100  GB  of  the  raw  traffic  (e.g.,  Pcap  files).  This  data  set  has  nine families of attacks, namely, Fuzzers, Analysis, Backdoors, DoS, Exploits, Generic, Reconnaissance,  Shellcode  and  Worms.  The  Argus,  Bro-IDS  tools  are  utilised  and  twelve algorithms  are  developed  to  generate  totally  49  features  with  the  class  label.  These  features  are described  in  UNSW-NB15_freatures.csv  file.  A subset of the original dataset has been provided here for space-saving reasons.

More information about this dataset can be seen from the following research papers:

Moustafa, Nour, and Jill Slay. "UNSW-NB15: a comprehensive data set for network intrusion detection systems (UNSW-NB15 network data set)." Military Communications and Information Systems Conference (MilCIS), 2015. IEEE, 2015.
Moustafa, Nour, and Jill Slay. "The evaluation of Network Anomaly Detection Systems: Statistical analysis of the UNSW-NB15 dataset and the comparison with the KDD99 dataset." Information Security Journal: A Global Perspective (2016): 1-14.
Moustafa, Nour, et al. "Novel geometric area analysis technique for anomaly detection using trapezoidal area estimation on large-scale networks." IEEE Transactions on Big Data (2017).
Moustafa, Nour, et al. "Big data analytics for intrusion detection system: statistical decision-making using finite dirichlet mixture models." Data Analytics and Decision Support for Cybersecurity. Springer, Cham, 2017. 127-156.
Sarhan, Mohanad, Siamak Layeghy, Nour Moustafa, and Marius Portmann. NetFlow Datasets for Machine Learning-Based Network Intrusion Detection Systems. In Big Data Technologies and Applications: 10th EAI International Conference, BDTA 2020, and 13th EAI International Conference on Wireless Internet, WiCON 2020, Virtual Event, December 11, 2020, Proceedings (p. 117). Springer Nature.